feat: new introductory javascript project (#54305)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/660f17d4e9f227d86e834abd.md

---
id: 660f17d4e9f227d86e834abd
title: Step 28
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-28
---

# --description--

To generate a pyramid, you will need to create multiple rows. When you have to perform a task repeatedly until a condition is met, you will use a <dfn>loop</dfn>. There are many ways to write a loop.

You are going to start with a basic `for` loop. `for` loops use the following syntax:

```js
for (iterator; condition; iteration) {
  logic;
}
```

> You will dive into each component of a loop in the next few steps. For now, create a `for` loop that uses the strings `"iterator"`, `"condition"`, and `"iteration"` for the three components. Leave the area between the curly braces, referred to as the loop <dfn>body</dfn>, empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the upcoming steps, you'll explore each component of a loop in detail. For now, construct a `for` loop that includes the terms `"iterator"`, `"condition"`, and `"iteration"` for the three components. Keep the loop <dfn>body</dfn>, the section within the curly braces `{}`, empty.

```
